[Music]
Olivia newton-john grease the way smash
that made the Africa history by becoming
one of the longest-running musical
comedies of all time breaks loose on the
motion picture screen
[Music]
jaunty molta the sensational star of
Saturday Night Fever ignites the screen
in grease
[Music]
and he does it all with Olivia
newton-john in her motion picture debut
[Music]
he's like a [ __ ] mark off you Pig john
travolta and olivia newton-john explode
across the motion picture screen in
Greece the movie filled with more song
more dance more of everything that makes
a great musical unforgettable Olivia
newton-john together for the first time
in Greece
[Music]
[Applause]
you